So, this is the third and last part
of writing our media queries,
and this time, we're make the tours, the stories,
and the book sections responsive.
So, starting with the tours,
this is what it looks like, right now.
Now, it actually doesn't look so bad,
but the big problem here is
that we have to, actually, touch it,
in order to rotate the cart.
Because on touch devices, there's no such thing as a hover,
and so, the only way to actually move the cart,
is to click it,
and that's not practical, right?
We don't want this, here,
to sit at the back of our cart, right?
So, we must find a way to, actually,
change the entire cart, okay?
So, this will be half a rewrite of this cart.
And what I have in mind for this...
So, what I want to achieve, in the end,
is just something like this. Okay?
Let me close this one, here, a bit.
All right. So, this entire cart will be like this.
So, this is similar to what we had before,
then the list, and then the part
that was originally on the back,
will now be here, at the bottom. Okay?
And then that three times; one after the other.
All right, and this way, people can actually see the price,
and click, "Book now, " if they want to.
So, let's go ahead and do that.
And once again, we're starting at the...
Of course, at the 900 pixel media query,
so tablet portrait.
So, let's open up that cart.
Here it is, and this time,
we are going to make it a bit differently, okay?
Because this is like, a whole rewrite of the entire thing...
And so, we're not just tweaking some stuff here.
And so, let's actually do a big media query at the end,
and then copy all of that in there,
and only change what we need to change, okay?
So, we put a big media query down here.
So, include,
respond,
tab,
port.
And now let's get this stuff here, copy it in there,
and then, we're gonna remove what we don't need,
which is most of it, but it's still easier
to do it like this,
than to copy all the things that we need.
Okay, so, select it again, just so I can indent it, a bit.
And where is the end of this actually? And yeah.
All right. Now, we don't need any
of this perspective stuff, in the position,
also we don't need...
But what we can change, is the height here, okay?
Because remember, we set this height here,
to make the front the side the same size as the back side,
and also, to make the sides have the same height
as the container, okay?
But now, that's no longer necessary,
and so, I don't want that.
And so, we set it to auto, okay?
So, now we override that 52, and set it to auto.
It's the same thing, actually, here, on the side, okay?
Now, what's also gonna happen, is that these are no longer
in the absolute position, okay?
So, they will now be in relative position,
because we now, no longer have two sides,
basically occupying the same space, okay?
And so, they will not be relative.
And so, first, we will have the front side,
and then, after that, the back side, remember?
So, we will wanna change this.
We don't have to change any of this, I believe.
This one should move, as well.
We don't need to change any of this.
Then the front part, also doesn't need any changing.
And then, the back part, we don't need any of this,
but what we do need, is to get rid of this transform.
So, right now, the back part is rotated 180 degrees,
remember, but we don't want that.
So, we need to change it back to zero, right?
So, let's now, take a look, actually.
And well, actually, not much changed,
except that the
back part is completely gone.
So, let's take a look at why that is happening.
So, cart site,
and you'll see that it, basically, doesn't have any height.
So, let's see why that is happening.
Well, actually the height was set to auto,
so I'm not really sure what's going on here.
But maybe, it has to do with the fact
that this cart here is absolute.
Let's take a look at that.
Well, that's also not the reason.
But, I'm sure it will work out a bit later,
when we continue with this, okay?
So, the front side, here, should not rotate, at all,
when we hover it.
So, set it to zero, and this, here, stays the same
because the side, back, should also not rotate,
and so, this is just as it was.
So, we can get rid of it.
All right. And now, the styling here.
So, the first part, should actually stay the same.
Okay, so I want this to stay exactly the same,
so in the exact same style.
So, very simple, just get rid of all of this.
We don't want to change anything.
So, all of that, let's remove it.
All right. Now, here, let's set it to relative,
as I did before, in the depth tools.
And then, this one here, we set to zero,
to zero, and we want no translate, at all,
and we also want the 100% width.
All right? This one we didn't change,
so let's get rid of it.
We don't wanna change these, as well.
Maybe the margin, but first, we have to actually see it,
then the price, here, we don't wanna change, at all.
And then, the price value, maybe, also, the fun size.
We'll see about that.
Okay, but anyway, let's take a look now,
and now it should somehow appear.
And yeah, so here it is. Great.
So, we should, probably, decrease this margin, here,
then we should give this a padding here,
and then use a clip path,
to make it look the same way as here.
So, this corner, here.
So, this non-rectangular design, as I've been calling it.
Okay? So, let's start with that,
and remove this margin, here.
So, the margin, here,
let's put it to something really small like, 3 rem.
Some padding in here.
So, let's say padding,
4 rem, and now as I was saying,
let's use a clip path,
here for the back side.
Give it some space here,
so we can nicely separate it from the rest. Okay.
So, clip-path,
polygon.
And how should this one look like?
Well, if it starts here...
Okay, so it should start here,
so this is the starting point.
And so, this time, we don't start at zero, zero
because zero, zero would be here.
So, in the "X" direction...
So, this way here, we still have zero,
but in here, we move down a little bit.
Okay? So, let's do that here.
So, zero "X," and maybe 15% in "Y,"
and then, the other are just regular corners.
So, one of the percent, in the "X" direction.
Zero, in the "Y" direction, right?
But I know you're already 100% familiar with this, I'm sure.
Now, the other corner is 100, 100 because it's...
Just to remind you, this is 100, in the "X' direction.
And 100 in the "Y" direction, right?
And now, just the last part, here,
so that we don't cut off all of this. Okay?
So, in here, we now have zero, again, in the "X" direction,
and 100, in the "Y" direction.
And that should do it.
All right. Now, one thing is that,
of course, here, don't have enough margin,
but the bigger problem is these rounded corners,
that we have here,
but then we also want to entire element
to have a wide background, okay?
Plus, this shadow, here, is not only on the front side,
and it should be on the entire thing.
So, three things that have to change now.
Let's do it, so starting with the border radius,
let's remove it from here, we can put it here,
on this element.
So, basically, the container element,
the cart element, itself.
Then, also, we want the background color to be white.
Color, white. So, that should fix it.
And now,
the shadow, that we had before,
let me see where it is.
And so, yeah, it was here, on the side,
but we no longer want it on the side,
we want it on the entire cart element.
Right? So, we need to change that.
So, the box shadow, that was here,
we had to remove it, set it to none,
and then, put it, here, on the cart.
All right? And now, just for this padding, here.
It took me a bit more, at the top,
so let's say, seven rem, at the top,
four on the right, and then,
four on all the other sides, okay?
So, let's take a look at this, now.
And, all right, that looks pretty good to me, actually.
Let's try to decrease it a bit,
and yeah, that continues looking great, right?
Maybe we can decrease some padding here.
Let's take a look.
So, we have three rem here,
so let's schedule it off that.
Let's actually copy it from here,
since that we already have it.
So,
Whoa, what's that?
What's going on here?
So, I closed this, accidentally,
All right, so just cart details.
Okay, I shouldn't have done this, I guess.
It would be easier to just have written it out.
So, padding at the top, let's put it at zero,
and then, on the side, only three rem.
So, how does that look like?
Well, then maybe one rem's better,
but that should be it, all right?
So that are the carts. Looks pretty good now, I think.
And yeah. Maybe just decreasing this font size, here,
but that's, also, pretty easy.
For rem.
All right?
So, next up, we have this,
this story section here,
and this looks a bit weird, as well.
So, let's get rid of these problems.
For starters, let's make this, here, a square again,
so that it can really fit more text,
and so that we don't waste all of the white space
that we have, here on the sides. Okay?
It's a big waste of space, and we don't need that
on this small screen.
So, it is the story component, and so, let's check it out.
All right? So,
include,
respond
Once again, let's do it for the tablet portrait.
And starting to increase in width, to 100%.
That should help, already.
So, just take a look,
and
so we start here, and yeah.
Well, that's not really correct.
It should be 90%.
Is it 90%, actually? Let's take a look.
Inspect.
Oh, okay, this is happening because of the row.
Okay, so they're always taking away that space.
But it still looks okay, I believe, actually.
All the way until 600.
So, at 600, is when we should actually
start to change things here
because up until point, it's still okay.
So, let's just remove some padding, here, from this,
and then, we can move on to the phone media query, okay?
So, the padding that we have currently is...
Where is it?
Six and nine. So, we can decrease these values a bit,
to say
four
and
seven.
So, decreasing them both, by two rems.
And yeah, so now we have some more breathing space in here.
Okay?
And now, at 600 pixels, so at the phone,
let's do some more changes.
So, for the phone, we want to get rid of this completely.
Sawed off this weird shape.
So, set it to zero, and then the same thing
for the shape, of course.
Because right now, it has 12 degrees to compensate for.
The skewing that we did there.
Now, we actually also have to copy this one here.
Remember that it's the exact same thing.
So, this transformer has to have the translate and askew,
just like this one.
But a translate is still okay,
but what we need to change is the school,
from 12 to zero, right?
And then, there should be another one, somewhere,
and where is it? Oh yeah, right here.
Well, that's not what I wanted.
All right.
So, that gets rid of the skewing.
So,
all right. That's better, actually.
All right? So, this looks okay
on all of these screen sizes here.
So, I'm pretty happy with this one.
So, let's move on.
And this one here, to be honest, looks terrible, right?
But it shouldn't be all too hard to fix.
So, let's, very quickly, do that, as well.
So, the first part, is here in the home, remember?
So, down here, in this book section,
is where most of the layout actually happens, okay?
So, let's
include
our makes in here. Respond.
Then, let's actually take a look,
and where this starts to look that bad.
It's kind of still acceptable, right?
But then it starts to look really bad,
and well, we should fix that.
Even at this media query, here.
So, the tablet's landscape.
So, tab,
land.
And the main thing that we need to change,
is actually
this gradient here.
And what we can do, for starters,
is to simply set this to 70, 70,
and then, also, setting the width
off this box, where the form is in,
also to 70%, and that should already increase it,
and improve the situation.
Okay?
Now, one thing , that we actually skipped
when we designed this cart, was this height, here, okay?
So, we should have removed that, but I totally forgot.
So let's do it now, okay?
Don't forget to remove that height.
That was just for testing purposes,
but for some reason I then left it there, accidentally.
So, let's take a look.
So, 1,210.
All right, so that' s better, to be honest.
And now, as we approach the 900 media query.
Okay?
Actually, this image here, is starting to,
already, look a bit weird.
So, we should fix that,
and I'm gonna show you how.
So, what we'll do here, is to basically make this image
occupying the entire height, and not the entire width,
as it's doing right now, okay?
So, why is it occupying the entire width, right now?
Well, that's because of background size, 100%.
Remember, this is similar, to background cover,
but it's not really the same
because what this does, is ensure
that the image fits the container,
in the "X" direction, basically.
Okay? But what we want right now, is really the cover, okay?
So, I'm gonna change that
to background size, actually,
and cover.
And, actually, I think that 70 is a bit too much here.
SO, 65, 65, and then, down here, as well, 65.
And now, it behaves, just as we wanted.
Okay? So, covering the entire element.
Okay, and now, starting from 900,
so from the tablet size,
we need to do some more changes.
So, respond,
tab,
port.
Okay. So this background image, here,
is what needs to change, of course.
Now, we don't want this 105 degrees here.
We don't care, at all, about that.
Let's just put any direction; it doesn't really matter.
So, two right,
okay?
And now, starting from zero, to 100%,
and no transparent, at all.
So, it will all be covered in white now. Okay?
That's what we really want.
And then width in here
should be...
Let's actually copy this.
So, port, and now we want the 100% width.
All right.
And so, that looks pretty good.
Not perfect here, so there some more stuff
that we can fix, of course.
So, let's do that, as well,
but for this part, here, we're good.
And so, let's now go to the form.
So, what can we fix? And the firs thing
that came to my mind was to fix this radio group.
So, include,
respond,
tab, port
and set it's width to 100%,
and maybe a margin to the bottom.
Because otherwise, it will be one on top of another.
And so,
yeah.
That's better.
Give it some more space,
and now, this looks like a real form, to me.
Also, I think there's something going on, with this here.
I think it's 90% width only.
If I am not mistaken, so let's copy this.
Yeah, that's right.
So, let's change that,
to width 100%,
and here we go.
So, this looks pretty good to me.
It's not perfect,
as I was saying, in the beginning.
But I don't wanna worry all too much about this.
I don't want to make it 100% perfect,
because this was just to demonstrate to you,
how we actually work with media queries.
So, I now encourage you to keep working at this,
to make it really perfect, to change every single detail
that could be better.
I also want you to test this on real devices, if you can.
And there's also a cool app, that you can test.
Which is called Sizzy, I believe.
Okay.
And if you have your page online somewhere,
then you can just enter your URL here,
and then it will show you the page
on a lot of different devices.
You can just load this example here.
So, this is how it looks like.
So, you have this page on all these different devices here,
at the same time,
and you can check it out, how it looks on all of them.
Sizzy is how it's called.
I'll also put a link on my resources page.
All right.
And I have one last challenge for you,
which is actually, when you hit this button, here.
So, this is right now, the pop up,
and I'm not going to change it because I want this
to be a challenge for you.
So, before moving on, get your hands dirty
with this part here, of the website,
and make it completely responsive.
You can put the images here, on top, for example,
or you can put them at the bottom.
Whatever you like. You're completely free
to do it as your wish. Okay?
So, that's my challenge for you,
and after that, we're gonna move on
to responsive images.
Okay, so good luck with that challenge,
and see you later.